edward and bella's forbidden love affair
has finally come to the big screen
thousands of teenage screaming girls are
going to erupt in the theater Twilight
is finally here you know what you are
your skin is pale white and I school you
don't go out into the sunlight see it
pal well say it vampire are you afraid
no
i'm eric from scene-stealers calm
obviously and with me today is Whitney
Matthews media junkie and blogger for
Whitney Matthews calm interesting title
for a blog yeah it's my name I have to
be honest with you I had ulterior
motives for bringing you here today
Whitney's actually read the book and I
think that she's a little bit more of
the target audience for the Twilight
series than I am yes I would completely
agree gentlemen this is the worst date
movie possible when you leave the
theater your girl is not going to be
thinking about you she's going to think
about America's next big movie star
Robert Pattinson really America's next
big movie star he's hot he is hot yeah a
$20 to see him every day it would be
interesting to see if he could do
something besides this because he really
inhabited this role so well and and in
this movie okay you've got this love
affair between the vampire who's very
mysterious and you know he just can't
tell her what's going on and it's like
you know that the outcast teenage girl
and this is a really good relationship
that works best when they're apart as
someone who's read the book I was
ultimately frustrated with a few
different scenes there were some big
points where the plot was supposed to
move forward and it it didn't get there
for me I really think that the best
thing about this movie were the
relationships and the characters which
is odd because I expected a lot of emo
industrial music and Evanescence and
montages of cool vampires flying around
and it's really not like that they
really stick to the love story well and
just the relationship between Bella and
her dad but also the relationship
between the vampire family is something
that's really great and actually brings
a lot of comic relief in videos but much
needed comic relief into some pretty
tense situations
this isn't real this kind of stuff just
doesn't exist doesn't my world as much
as I thought that there were there were
problems with the film cinematically I
think it's all over the place I don't
know if Catherine Hardwicke was up to
the task but for me I was surprised at
how well most of it worked and I was
able to forgive a lot of things
especially you know the fact that all
the vampires look like vampires and
nobody seems to notice there's just some
things you have to kind of look past you
know if you're going to accept the
premise and and I think once you do
you'll be surprised that the you know
the love story actually works not only
does the love story actually work
between the two characters but they
leave I think the fans of the book
satisfied toward the end with the the
open-ended ending bringing room in for
the next three books to be certainly
showed up receivable yes so if you
haven't read the books I think the
ending is going to give you a little a
little confused and a little unsatisfied
as a fan of the book and a girl who
appreciates a fun-looking men to give it
a minor rockfast up it wasn't a home run
but it was good enough you know what I'm
absolutely agreeing I'm giving this a
minor rock fist up as well as a man who
didn't expect to like the movie and
thought that the relationships were
surprisingly well formed you know I mean
it definitely misses the mark a couple
times but this is better than I thought
it was and I'm actually looking forward
to seeing the sequel me too
you